##Framework
Set of rules enforced on developers so that the software product development is predictable. Products & companies love framework, as this is what makes the product less dependent on developers. Examples are are - Spring. Hibernate etc.

##Library
Collection of utilities. Using the utilities, developers can ease the work. This doesn't tell user how to develop product.For e.g. jquery 

##JPA - Java Persistence API
The Java Persistence API is a Java specification for accessing, persisting, & managing data between Java Objects/Classes and relational database.Defined as a part of EJB 3.0. JPA is considered the standard industry approach for ORM like Hibernate, Spring Data etc.

* JPA is specification .i.e it tells any ORM what interfaces to expose to application developers
* JPA is just a specification & not a product, it cannot perform persistence or anything else by itself.
* JPA is just a set of interfaces, and requires implementation. There are open-souce & commercial JPA implementation to choose from like Hibernate.
* JPA needs database to persist data.

##Hibernate
This is a open source Java persistence framework project.  This perform powerful object relational mapping & query databases using SQL or HQL. Based on JPA, it generates SQL which will be acting upon database. Because database only understand SQL that is generated by Hibernate. Just create a class & tell hibernate framework that this class needs to be mapped to database. Automatically, table is created in db. For objects of these hibernated class, mapping into database is as simple as save/persist the object. Similarly, all CURD operation.  

##ORM - Object Relational Mapping
* When working with Object Oriented Infrastructure, there is a mismatch.
* Idea of ORM is to minimize the mismatch by mapping objects directly to database.
* Because of ORM, object saving to database can be done directly without accessing each field.

##Annotation
Examples are @Entity, @Cache, @Id, @Transit etc.
* There are two layers of code - framework code & other is application code.
* Hibernate provides framework code where the code you write as a developer provides application code.
* This is a mechanism by which application code informs framework code that how should framework code treat application code.